ISPN-11869 updating docs for memory configuration (#8367)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/con_evict_vs_expire.adoc

they have some important differences that you should take into account when
planning your configuration.

> * [*] Eviction lets {brandname} control the size of the data container.
> {brandname} performs eviction when you add entries to the cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [*] Eviction lets {brandname} control the size of the data container by evicting entries when the container becomes larger than a configured threshold.
```
Wdyt?

Author: @wburns sounds good but I'd tweak it a little to say "by removing entries". it's kind of like we're using the word eviction to explain what eviction means.
